Explicitly state compute capacity for multi-org accounts (#27030)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/flex_logs.md

### Flex Logs for multiple-organization accounts

> For each organization in which you want Flex Logs, you must enable a compute size per organization. Compute is one per organization, compute sizes cannot be shared across organizations. Starter and scalable compute cannot be used simultaneously in an organization.

Author: ```suggestion
For each organization in which you want Flex Logs, you must enable a compute size per organization. Only one compute can be used per organization, and compute sizes cannot be shared across organizations. Starter and scalable compute cannot be used simultaneously in an organization.
```
